Now let's add the same test for the gist.
When we check the justice console.
We are seeing failures in the EV component and the failures are triggered because of the local storage
usage.
So let's open the app component.
Just as now we are storing data in local storage and we are not clearing in each test.
We did that in the the karma test, but we didn't do that here.
So here like in the lifecycle functions, let's add after each here and we are going to call local storage
clear.
So this is clearing the local storage content after each test.
Let's save this.
Now that error is gone and all tests are passing.
Let's add the test for the the storage usages.
So this is the described log for the login.
So we will use it here, adding the test it stores logged in state in local storage.
So this is a thing we are calling setup form clicking button and we can wait for home page to be visible
on page.
And then we can check the local storage for the assertion.
Can let's use the the query here.
So let's get the.
They expect parts from karma taste based in here.
So we are taking the local storage out and passing it to this object logged in user that's imported
one as well.
Then we are checking if it's logged in is true.
Let's save it.
So this is passing.
Let's add the next test and that one is for layout in the logged in user.
So let's add that.
It displays layout of logged in user async.
Now we are going to initialize the local storage with the data with this data and let's paste it here.
And then we are going to run the setup.
Setup is right here, this one.
So it is just initializing the application and navigating to the path we are going to pass.
So let's call set up and initialize the path as route.
Now we are going to check the visibility of the, the, the link, my profile link.
So this will make sure that the local storage is working for the state initialization.
So my profiling to be in the document saving it.
And all those are passing.